Update "What about PIL?" section (#7861)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/about.rst

    Prior to Pillow 2.0.0, very few image code changes were made. Pillow 2.0.0
    added Python 3 support and includes many bug fixes from many contributors.

> .. role:: strike
>     :class: strike
> 
> As more time passes since the last PIL release (1.1.7 in 2009), the likelihood of a new PIL release decreases. :strike:`However, we've yet to hear an official "PIL is dead" announcement.` In January 2020, `the PyPI moderators exhausted the PEP 541 process for contacting the PIL project owner <https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow/issues/1535#issuecomment-570308446>`_ and the `PIL project on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/PIL>`_ was transferred to the `Pillow team <https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow/graphs/contributors>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As more time passes since the last PIL release (1.1.7 in 2009), the likelihood of a new PIL release decreases. Although we've yet to hear an official "PIL is dead" announcement, in January 2020, `the PyPI moderators exhausted the PEP 541 process for contacting the PIL project owner <https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow/issues/1535#issuecomment-570308446>`_ and the `PIL project on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/PIL>`_ was transferred to the `Pillow team <https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow/graphs/contributors>`_.
```

Perhaps we can avoid strikethrough with a simple change.

Author: Yes! Let me think about that one, for some reason I like the strike through approach …
